Consolidate section about build arrangements (#160)
containerbuildsystem/osbs-docs: docs/build_process.rst

    (but each new version typically builds on the previous one,
    so no functionality is lost).

Arrangement Version 6 (reactor_config_map)
------------------------------------------
The orchestrator build chooses worker clusters based on platform (multi-platform build)

> and creates a worker builds in those clusters. Worker builds perform they tasks and produce image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and creates worker builds in those clusters. Worker builds perform their tasks and produce an image
```

Author: ok

> for their platform. After all worker builds finish, orchestrator build continues with its own tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for their platform. After all worker builds finish, the orchestrator build continues with its own tasks.
```

Author: ok

> It allows automated triggered rebuilds (where the orchestrator cluster has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows automatically triggered rebuilds (where the orchestrator cluster has
```

Author: ok

complete knowledge of the latest build configurations and their triggers).

> In this arrangement version, environment parameters are provided by **reactor_config**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this arrangement version, environment parameters are provided by the **reactor_config**.
```

Author: ok

The order of plugins is the same, but hard coded, or placeholder, environment
parameters in **orchestrator_inner** and **worker_inner** json files change.

An osbs-client configuration option **reactor_config_map** is required to define

> the name of the ``ConfigMap`` object holding **reactor_config**. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the name of the ``ConfigMap`` object holding the **reactor_config**. This
```

Author: ok

configuration option is mandatory for arrangement versions greater than or
equal to 6. The existing osbs-client configuration **reactor_config_secret**
is deprecated (for all arrangements).

Orchestrator
~~~~~~~~~~~~

Steps performed by the orchestrator build are:

- Get the parent images without pulling in order to inspect environment variables
  (this is to allow substitution to be performed in the "release"
  label)

- Verify that parent images comes from a build that exists in Koji

> - Resolves composes, integration with `odcs`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Resolve composes, integration with `odcs`_.
```

Author: ok

  See :ref:`yum-repositories-odcs-compose` for details.

- For base images, the add_filesystem plugin runs in the orchestrator build as well as
  the worker build. This is to create a single Koji "`image-build`_"
  task to create filesystems for all required architectures.

- Supply a value for the "release" label if it is missing
  (this value is provided to the worker build)

> - Reserves build in the Koji

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reserve a build in Koji
```

Author: ok

- Apply labels supplied via build request parameter to the Dockerfile

- Parse server-side configuration for atomic-reactor in order to know
  which worker clusters may be considered

> - Create a worker builds on the configured clusters, and collect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create worker builds on the configured clusters, and collect
```

Author: ok

>   logs and status from it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  logs and status from them
```

Author: ok

> - Fetches workers metadata (see :ref:`Metadata Fragment Storage`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fetch worker's metadata (see :ref:`Metadata Fragment Storage`)
```

Author: I'll use: Fetch workers metadata

because it will fetch metadata from multiple workers

.. _group-manifests:

> - The group_manifests plugin, creates a `manifest list`_ object in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The group_manifests plugin creates a `manifest list`_ object in
```

Author: ok

  the registry, grouping together the image manifests from the worker builds.

> - Imports the Koji build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Import the Koji build
```

Author: ok

> - Pushes floating tags to the container registry for a `manifest list`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Push floating tags to the container registry for a `manifest list`
```

Author: ok

> - Tags the Koji build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tag the Koji build
```

Author: ok

the worker build. Inside this, atomic-reactor will execute these steps
as plugins:

- Get (or create) parent layers against which the Dockerfile will run

>   * For base images, the add_filesystem runs but does not create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * For base images, the add_filesystem plugin runs but does not create
```

Author: ok

    a Koji task. Instead the orchestrator build tells it which Koji task
    ID to stream the filesystem tar archive from. Each worker build only
    streams the filesystem tar archive for the architecture it is running on,
    and imports it as the initial image layer

  * For layered images, the FROM images are pulled from the source
    registry

> - Supply a value for the "release" label if it is missing,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Supply a value for the "release" label if it is missing
```

Author: ok

>   provided by orchestator build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (provided by the orchestator build)
```

Author: ok

  using a different format), the line was left alone

.. _`Metadata Fragment Storage`:

Metadata Fragment Storage
-------------------------

When creating a Koji Build using arrangement 3 and newer, the
koji_import plugin needs to assemble Koji Build Metadata, including:

- components installed in each builder image (worker builds and
  orchestrator build)

- components installed in each built image

- information about each build host

To assist the orchestrator build in assembling this (JSON) data, the
worker builds gather information about their build hosts, builder
images, and built images. They then need to pass this data to the
orchestrator build. After creating the Koji Build, the orchestrator
build must then free any resources used in passing the data.

The method used for passing the data from the worker builds to the
orchestrator build is to store it temporarily in a ConfigMap object in
the worker cluster. Its name is stored in the OpenShift Build
annotations for the worker build. To do this the worker cluster's
"builder" service account needs permission to create ConfigMap
objects.

The orchestrator build collects the metadata fragments and assembles

> them together with the platform-neutral metadata in the koji_import

Reviewer: ```suggestion
them, together with the platform-neutral metadata, in the koji_import
```

Author: ok
